We posted the poll on Thursday, October 21, with over 1,100 votes cast until now. The winning pick? Well, 55% of polled readers felt that this raindrop camera design was better than previously leaked designs. It’s hard to argue otherwise, as the LG Velvet’s own raindrop-style camera setup stood out last year.

Those who said it looked different but not necessarily better or worse made up just over 23% of the respondents. This was followed by polled readers who said that it was worse (12.76%), and the undecided respondents (7.75%).

We can’t think of many reasons why people would think this is worse than the P-shaped housing from previous S22 Ultra leaks. But one potential reason could be that this new design could attract more lint and dust around the individual camera sensors if the fit isn’t exact. An S22 Ultra with a P-shaped housing might only have debris collect around the housing itself.
Android Authority is an independent online publication that is a voice for the world of Android & technology. Each and every month we reach over 25 million passionate technology enthusiasts that rely on us for news, reviews, features & product recommendations. Our content team is comprised of experienced tech bloggers, device reviewers, video producers and Android developers. We all share one common interest, a love for Android and a passion to deliver exceptional content.

Our community is spread across the internet through our various channels which include: website, app, RSS, newsletter, forums, YouTube, Google+, Facebook, Twitter and Flipboard.


Looking to get your brand or product in front of our 25 million+ readers every month? Contact us and we'll be happy to help you out.
The announcement of Android 12L came as a bit of a surprise for many of us. While we were expecting a minor upgrade to Android 12, we were instead presented with a bigger feature drop that’s targeted at devices with larger screens. In fact, this update is important enough that it got its own name, 12L, and will be the subject of a developer preview program, similar to major Android releases.

It was about time Google dedicated some resources to larger devices. The company already sells millions of Chromebooks per year, and while Android tablets aren’t the hottest ones around, they still take up nearly half of the global market (via Statcounter). That’s not to mention the rise of foldables and all the excitement around that form factor.

But this isn’t Google’s first rodeo. It’s attempted a dedicated tablet OS once and got almost nowhere with it, with one of the reasons being the apparent lack of enthusiasm towards the form factor. Tellingly, many of Google’s own apps were never updated to make use of the larger screen estate, so why should third-party developers care? If Google wants to make Android 12L a success, it needs to learn from its history and its mistakes.
